but I since I Venice now it's calcium
account that Astana chemist and adele is
atop the markets although designed in
the car don't mention food to distant
father Isaac is led to do my zucchini
she owned a new car
no way turn to design come on singing
personal after singing it's iike my
presence we know some commerce knocking
on door entrez insatiable loser a leaky
brushes Toto do as he estado pleasure to
do cow sterno in develop a technology
bikini on car Inlet mycelium Kerala to
put in no procedure surgical God eternal
consequences the mixer whisk away key as
a technology ANOVA table so I'm here
with missile newsela Vecchio thank you
for this for your time nice to meet you
so we would like to show the people
about your project I said about the
design that you project I'll have design
of the car and especially about the
electric thing the new technology that
it's really really interesting
yes about sport limousine from the plant
that was the first car who's running
with a flow battery it means that you
storage the energy in to electrolytes
positive charge negative charge
and through a man braun in a flow cell
you generate two different
electrochemical processes oxidation and
reduction and so we generate current
that's the branch so just to make it
easier for everyone to understand the
the problem of the electric car is that
you have to be charged every time and
every time so with this one you don't
have to worry about it recharging time
it will be finished because you storage
the energies in these two electrolytes
that's negative charged so this is the
next step on electric cars yes I think
so you are with your smartphone here and
you can do whatever you want with us
with this app we have always connecting
with smartphone with the car and we
generate an app it means you can also
open the door it means you can confirm
all the doors so you can manage the
whole car about a smart phone so this is
a very futuristic design a car for four
people with the the fuel tank cells will
stay in the middle yes
so this is the few things cells right so
you have the you have designed the
dashboard and everything inside why did
you decide for this such a futuristic
look okay I think it's very easy to
explaining this this is my style okay
I tried to put your style in my old
troll and that's the result that's a
result and you can also change the
interior colour yes we have here a
special feature how you see on the wood
panel here you see a special capacitive
sensor technology it means it's not a
button no no no never now there are a
capacitive sensor technology with icons
and lights and with the touch of these
icons you activate everything and then
we have the possibility to change the
whole color spectrum
even the lower lights yes victory so in
Alcantara and letter right in carbon and
carbon and carbon so much the the power
of this this car the crown is for the
bassoon has four electric engines 920
horsepower it's a maximal speed from 388
what is the most important thing is the
range from five between six hundred
kilometer six hundred this is important
but it's a lot of torque in it and
talking about electric cars you have the
torque in the 1-0 we have each wheel we
have three thousand new tomato already
it means twelve thousand you demerit
over 12,000 altogether most again each
wheel three thousand new tomato so you
have a lot of electronics inside to
control all this beast for managing this
power we need a torque vectoring this is
a software and who is supporting an ESP
system and this is I think very very
poor
managing such power and when this car is
going to into production good question
and we are not here for send current
moment okay because we are now opening
now
promoting an energy system mm-hmm we are
in the homologation face and it means
that after the certification means in
one and a half two years we will be
ready for selling the technology it
means to give license to everybody to
the whole world custom car constructors
and also in different market segments
because even for popular cars they can
do it yes absolutely force it to come
city cars and there's no limits here but
especially you have also ordered market
segments it means you can use this
energy system also in houses boats ships
aerospace applications rainy and you
have all the patterns for this yes so it
seems that I'm talking to the next
billionaire never know okay just
remember me synonyms you thank you very
much congratulations for your project
thank you and I'm pretty sure that you
have success in that yeah thank you
thank you thank you
you